Add a mention of CPU-only arguments inputs in docs (#3039)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/pipeline.rst

.. image:: images/two_readers.svg

.. _processing_graph_structure:

Processing Graph Structure
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

DALI pipelines are executed in stages. The stages correspond to the ``device`` parameter
that can be specified for the operator, and are executed in following order:

#. ``'cpu'`` - operators that accept CPU inputs and produce CPU outputs.
#. ``'mixed'`` - operators that accept CPU inputs and produce GPU outputs, for exampe :meth:`nvidia.dali.fn.decoders.image`.
#. ``'gpu'`` - operators that accept GPU inputs and produce GPU outpus.

> Additionaly, ``.gpu()`` might be used on a :class:`~nvidia.dali.pipeline.DataNode` (the output of
> the operator in pipeline definition) to transfer data from CPU to GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data produced by a CPU operator may be explicitly copied to
the GPU by calling ``.gpu()`` on a :class:`~nvidia.dali.pipeline.DataNode`
(an output of a DALI operator).
```

Author: Done

> Once tha data is transferred to GPU it can't be transferred back to CPU within the DALI pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data that has been produced by a later stage cannot be consumed by an operator executing in an earlier stage.
```
The original text suggests that transfer is somehow destructive, like in:
```Python
a = some_cpu_op()
some_gpu_op(a.gpu())
# `a` is unusable on CPU any more
```

Author: Done

> Every DALI operator accepts additional keyword arguments used to parametrize it's behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most DALI operators accept additional keyword arguments used to parametrize their behavior.
```

Author: done

Those named keyword arguments (which are distinct from the positional inputs) can be:

  * Python constants
  * Argument inputs - outputs of the **CPU** operators - indicated as `TensorList` in the operator's docstring.

> In the case of argument inputs, passing output of one operator to **named keyword argument**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of argument inputs, passing output of one operator as a **named keyword argument**
```

Author: Done

> In the case of argument inputs,  passing output of one operator to **named keyword argument**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of argument inputs, passing output of one operator to **named keyword argument**
```

of other operator will establish a connection in the processing graph.

Those parameters will be computed as a part of DALI pipeline graph every iteration and
for every sample. Keep in mind, that only CPU operators can be used as argument inputs.

Example::

    @pipeline_def
    def my_pipeline():
        img_files, labels = fn.readers.file(file_root='image_dir', device='cpu')
        # `images` is GPU data (result of Mixed operator)
        images = fn.decoders.image(img_files, device='mixed')
        # `coin_flip` must be on CPU so the `flip_params` can be used as argument input
        flip_param = fn.random.coin_flip(device='cpu')
        # `images` is input (GPU) and `flip_param` is argument input (CPU)
        flipped = fn.flip(images, horizontal=flip_param, device='gpu')
        # `labels` is explicitly marked for transfer to GPU, `flipped` is already GPU
        return flipped, labels.gpu()

    pipe = my_pipeline(batch_size=4, num_threads=2, device_id=0)
    pipe.build()

.. note::

>     The ``device`` parameter is set by default to ``'cpu'``. It is automatically inferred to
>     ``'gpu'`` if GPU data is passed as an input to an operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the ``device`` parameter is not specified, it is selected automatically based on the
    placement of the inputs. If there is at least one GPU input, the ``device='gpu'`` is assumed,
    otherwise ``'cpu'`` is used.
```

Author: done
